# Improving the supply-chain verifiability of artifacts in registered packages, by moving away from "manual JLL" packages in the General registry

By "manual JLL", we mean a JLL package that does not come from [Yggdrasil (the Julia community build tree)](https://github.com/JuliaPackaging/Yggdrasil).

In the past, we have allowed some manual JLLs to be registered in the General registry.

In February 2026, after internal discussion, the General registry maintainers decided that we won't accept manual JLLs in the future. Going forward, all JLLs should come from Yggdrasil.

## 1. Motivation and goals

1. Binary provenance tracking: We want to increase the ability of Julia community members to track the origin of binary artifacts in the Julia package ecosystem and answer questions like:
    - How were these binaries built or obtained?
    - Where did the source code for these binaries come from (if the binaries were built from source)?
    - In cases where upstream binaries are repackaged, what is the origin of those upstream binaries? 
    - How can I link these binaries to upstream vulnerability announcements (such as CVEs)?
    - What is the license of the binaries, and does it permit redistribution?
2. Continuity: If the original recipe maintainer becomes unavailable, other members of the Julia community can volunteer to take over maintenance of the recipe in Yggdrasil.
3. Centralizing review: We want to centralize JLL reviews in a single place (Yggdrasil), instead of having reviews split between multiple places.
4. Vulnerability scanning: In the future, we would like to perform automated vulnerability scanning on binaries in Yggdrasil.

## 2. New policies

### Policy A (JLL namespace/build numbers):

Effective immediately, we will enforce that any new package that meets any of the following criteria must come from Yggdrasil:

1. Any package with a name ending in `_jll`.
2. Any package with build data in the version number.

The existing AutoMerge configuration actually already includes these checks, so the change is really that we will no longer manually override AutoMerge when these checks fail.

### Policy B (BinaryBuilder/JLLWrappers):

Going forward, any new package that meets any of the following criteria should come from Yggdrasil:

- The package was generated by BinaryBuilder.
- The package uses JLLWrappers.

We don't currently have AutoMerge checks in place to enforce this, so it will be enforced manually by registry maintainers, while we work on developing AutoMerge checks. The usage of JLLWrappers is a check that can likely be automated.

### Policy C (self-hosted artifacts):

Going forward, if a package has an `Artifacts.toml` file that points to executable binaries or shared libraries that are hosted on the package's repo, those artifacts should go through Yggdrasil. This does not apply to data artifacts.

We don't currently have AutoMerge checks in place to enforce this, so it will be enforced manually by registry maintainers, while we work on developing AutoMerge checks. The plan is for the checks to look through the `Artifacts.toml` file and inspect the URLs of the assets.

### Policy D:

More broadly, going forward, we will ask that any package that has the primary purpose of distributing binary artifacts and that *could* technologically be in Yggdrasil *should* come from Yggdrasil.

We don't currently have AutoMerge checks in place to enforce this, so it will be enforced manually by registry maintainers, while we work on developing AutoMerge checks.

## 3. Scope

Existing manual JLLs will not be removed. This only applies going forward.

We recommend that maintainers of existing manual JLLs migrate to Yggdrasil recipes where possible, but this is not mandatory. Future releases of Julia may warn users when installing manual JLLs.

These changes only apply to the General registry. Private registries are unaffected. Unregistered packages are unaffected.

## 4. Pre-existing rules that have not changed

All binary artifacts in the General registry and Yggdrasil are redistributed through the Julia Pkg servers. Therefore, the Julia community must have the necessary permissions to do so. If the Julia community does not have permission to redistribute a proprietary binary artifact through the Pkg servers, then that binary artifact is not permitted in the General registry or Yggdrasil. It is important to note that this is not a new rule. It has always been the rule in both the General registry and Yggdrasil. This rule is not affected by the policy changes discussed elsewhere in this document.

If any registered binary artifacts are discovered not having a license that allows redistribution, they will need be yanked from the General registry (and Yggdrasil), unless the rightsholder grants permission to redistribute. The ideal situation would likely be for the registry maintainers to work with the package authors to get redistribution permission from the rightholder.

## 5. FAQs

1. Question: What if I want to distribute a package containing a proprietary binary (written in a non-Julia programming language)?
    - Answer: This is doable in Yggdrasil, with an Yggdrasil recipe that reuses the existing binaries instead of building them from source. Prior art includes [CUDA_jll](https://github.com/JuliaBinaryWrappers/CUDA_jll.jl) ([recipes](https://github.com/JuliaPackaging/Yggdrasil/tree/master/C/CUDA)) and [MKL_jll](https://github.com/JuliaBinaryWrappers/MKL_jll.jl) ([recipe](https://github.com/JuliaPackaging/Yggdrasil/tree/master/M/MKL)).

2. Question: What if the compiler itself is proprietary and cannot be run on Yggdrasil's infrastructure?
    -  Answer: In this case, Yggdrasil could repackage the existing binaries instead of building from source.

3. Question: What if it is not possible (from a technical perspective) to use Yggdrasil?
    - Answer: In this case, we would likely grant an exception and allow the manual JLL. But we would need to understand the specific technical limitations in the situation.

4. Question: What if it is not possible (from a legal perspective) to use Yggdrasil?
    - Answer: In this case, we might grant an exception and allow the manual JLL. But it would depend on the specific legal limitations. These situations will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis.

5. As a hypothetical situation, if Gurobi_jll were registered today as a new package, what would be the response of the registry maintainers?
    - Answer: The maintainers would likely ask that the package go through Yggdrasil, similar to `CUDA_jll` and `MKL_jll`.
