README.md, before:

# General

| Workflow | Status |
| --------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| AutoMerge                   | [![AutoMerge status][AutoMerge-img]][AutoMerge-url]                    |
| Continuous Integration (CI) | [![Continuous Integration (CI) status][CI-img]][CI-url]                |
| TagBot Triggers             | [![TagBot Triggers status][TagBotTriggers-img]][TagBotTriggers-url]    |
| Update Manifests            | [![Update Manifests status][UpdateManifests-img]][UpdateManifests-url] |

[AutoMerge-url]: https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/General/actions/workflows/automerge.yml
[AutoMerge-img]: https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/General/actions/workflows/automerge.yml/badge.svg "AutoMerge status"
[CI-url]: https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/General/actions/workflows/ci.yml
[CI-img]: https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/General/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg "Continuous Integration (CI) status"
[TagBotTriggers-url]: https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/General/actions/workflows/TagBotTriggers.yml
[TagBotTriggers-img]: https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/General/actions/workflows/TagBotTriggers.yml/badge.svg "TagBot Triggers status"
[UpdateManifests-url]: https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/General/actions/workflows/update_manifests.yml
[UpdateManifests-img]: https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/General/actions/workflows/update_manifests.yml/badge.svg "Update Manifests status"

General is the default Julia package registry. Package registries are used by Julia's
package manager [Pkg.jl][pkg] and includes information about packages such as versions,
dependencies and compatibility constraints.

The General registry is open for everyone to use and provides access to a large ecosystem
of packages.

If you are registering a new package, please make sure that you have read the [package naming guidelines](https://julialang.github.io/Pkg.jl/dev/creating-packages/#Package-naming-guidelines-1).

## Registering a package in General

New packages and new versions of packages are added the General registry by pull requests
against this GitHub repository. It is ***highly recommended*** that you use
[Registrator.jl][registrator] to automate this process. Registrator can either be used as a
[GitHub App][registrator-app] or through a [web interface][registrator-web], as decribed in
the [Registrator README][registrator-readme].

When Registrator is triggered a pull request is opened against this repository. Pull
requests that meet certain guidelines is merged automatically, see
[Automatic merging of pull requests](#automatic-merging-of-pull-requests). Other pull
requests need to be manually reviewed and merged by a human.

It is ***highly recommended*** to also use [TagBot][tagbot], which automatically tags a release in your
repository after the new release of your package is merged into the registry.

Registered packages must have an [Open Source Initiative approved license](https://opensource.org/licenses),
clearly marked via a `LICENSE.md`, `LICENSE`, `COPYING` or similarly named file in the package repository.
Packages that wrap proprietary libraries are acceptable if the licenses of those libraries permit open
source distribution of the Julia wrapper code.

### Automatic merging of pull requests

Pull requests that meet certain criteria are automatically merged periodically.
Only pull requests that are opened by [Registrator][registrator] are candidates
for automatic merging.

The full list of AutoMerge guidelines is available in the
[RegistryCI documentation][automerge-guidelines].

Please report issues with automatic merging to the [RegistryCI repo][registryci].

Currently the waiting period is as follows:

 - New Julia packages: 3 days (this allows time for community feedback)
 - New versions of existing packages: 15 minutes
 - JLL package (binary dependencies): 15 minutes, for either a new package or a new version

## FAQ

#### Do I need to register a package to install it?

No, you can simply do `using Pkg; Pkg.add(url="https://github.com/JuliaLang/Example.jl")`
or `] add https://github.com/JuliaLang/Example.jl` in the Pkg REPL mode
to e.g. install the package `Example.jl`, even if it was not registered. When a package
is installed this way, the URL is saved in the Manifest.toml, so that file is needed
to resolve Pkg environments that have unregistered packages installed.

Registering allows the package to be added by `Pkg.add("Example")` or `] add Example`
in the Pkg REPL mode. This is true if the package is installed in any registry
you have installed, not just General; you can even create your own registry!

#### Should I register my package?

If your package might be useful to others, or provide functionality other
packages in General might want to rely on, go for it! We only ask that you consider
the following best practices.

* It is easier for others to use your package if it has **documentation** that explains
what the package is for and how to use it. This could be in the form of a README
or hosted documentation such as that generated by
[Documenter.jl](https://github.com/JuliaDocs/Documenter.jl).
* And in order to provide reliable functionality for your users, it is also important
to setup **tests** (see
[the Pkg.jl docs](https://pkgdocs.julialang.org/v1/creating-packages/#Adding-tests-to-the-package)
and the [Test stdlib docs](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/stdlib/Test/)), which
can be automatically run by free **continuous integration** services such as GitHub Actions.

Packages like [PkgTemplates.jl](https://github.com/invenia/PkgTemplates.jl) or
[PkgSkeleton.jl](https://github.com/tpapp/PkgSkeleton.jl) provide easy ways to setup
documentation, tests, and continuous integration.

#### My pull request was not approved for automatic merging, what do I do?

It is recommended that you fix the release to conform to the guidelines and
then retrigger Registrator on the branch/commit that includes the fix.

If you for some reason can't (or won't) adhere to the guidelines you will have
to wait for a human to review/merge the pull request. You can contact a human
in the `#pkg-registration` channel in the official Julia Slack to expedite this process.

#### My package fails to load because it needs proprietary software/additional setup to work, what can I do?

Before merging a pull request, AutoMerge will check that your package can be installed and
loaded.  It is OK for your package to not be fully functional, but making it at least load
successfully would streamline registration, as it does not require manual intervention from
the registry maintainers.  This would also let other packages depend on it, and use its
functionalities only when the proprietary software is available in the system, as done for
example by the [`CUDA.jl`](https://github.com/JuliaGPU/CUDA.jl) package.  If you are not
able or willing to make your package always loadable without the proprietary dependency
(which is the preferred solution), you can check if the environment variable
`JULIA_REGISTRYCI_AUTOMERGE` is equal to `true` and make your package loadable during
AutoMerge at least, so that it can be registered without manual intervention.  Examples of
packages with proprietary software that use the environment variable check include
[`Gurobi.jl`](https://github.com/jump-dev/Gurobi.jl) and
[`CPLEX.jl`](https://github.com/jump-dev/CPLEX.jl).

#### My pull request has a merge conflict, what do I do?

Retrigger Registrator.

#### How do I retrigger Registrator in order to update my pull request?

Do what you did when you triggered Registrator the first time.

#### Are there any requirements for package names in the General registry?

There are no hard requirements, but it is *highly recommended* to follow
the [package naming guidelines][naming-guidelines].

#### What to do when asked to reconsider/update the package name?

If someone comments on the name of your package when you first release it it is often
because it does not follow the [naming guidelines][naming-guidelines]. If you think that
your package should not follow those conventions for some reason or another, just explain
why. Otherwise, it is often a good idea to just rename the package -- it is more disruptive
to do so after it is already registered, and sticking to the conventions makes it easier
for users to navigate Julia's many varied packages.

As long as the package is not yet registered, renaming the package from
`OldName.jl` to `NewName.jl` is reasonably straightforward:

* [Rename the GitHub repository][github-rename] to `NewName.jl`
* Rename the file `src/OldName.jl` to `src/NewName.jl`
* Rename the top-level module to `NewName`
* Update tests, documentation, etc, to reference the new name
* Once you are done renaming the package, retrigger registration.
  This will make a new pull request to General. It is helpful to comment
  in the old pull request that it can be closed, linking to the new one.

#### How do I rename an existing registered package?

Technically, you can't rename a package once registered, as this would break existing users.
But you can re-register the package again under a new name with a new UUID, which basically
has the same effect.

 - Follow the instructions above for renaming a package: rename on GitHub, rename files etc.
    - if you rename the repository so it has a new URL, make a PR to edit the URL stored in the
      registry for the old package name to point to the new URL ([example](https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/General/pull/40190/files)).
      This allows the old versions of the package under the previous name to continue to work.
 - Generate a new UUID for the Project.toml
 - Increment the version in the Project.toml as a breaking change.
 - [Register](#registering-a-package-in-general) it as if it were a new package
 - Comment on the PR, that this is a rename.
 - It will have to go though the normal criteria for registring a new package.
    - In particular, even if you get it merged manually, it will need to wait 3 days from the PR being opened.
    - This gives others and yourself the chance to point out any naming issues.

You also should let your users know about the rename, e.g. by placing a note in the README,
or opening PRs/issues on downstream packages to change over.

#### How do I transfer a package to an organization or another user?

 - Use the [GitHub transfer option][github-transfer] in the settings.
 - Manually, in the General edit the repo URL in package's `Package.toml` file (e.g [E/Example/Package.toml](https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/General/blob/master/E/Example/Package.toml#L3))

Technically if you skip the second step things will keep working, because GitHub will redirect;
but it is best practice. For this reason, when you try to register a new release, the Julia
Registrator will complain if the second step is skipped.

#### Where do I report a problem with a package in the General registry?

Report it to the package repository.

#### How do I remove a package or version from the registry?

You can't. Package registrations are **permanent**. A version can not be overwritten in the
registry, and code cannot be deleted.

## Registry maintenance

The General registry is a shared resource that belongs to the entire Julia community. Therefore, we welcome comments and suggestions from everyone in the Julia community. However, all decisions regarding the General registry are ultimately up to the discretion of the registry maintainers.

## Disclaimer

The General registry is open for everyone to register packages in. The General registry is
not a curated list of Julia packages. In particular this means that:

 - packages included in the General registry are **not** reviewed/scrutinized;
 - packages included in the General registry are **not** "official" packages and **not**
   endorsed/approved by the JuliaLang organization;
 - the General registry and its maintainers are **not** responsible for the package code
   you install through the General registry -- you are responsible for reviewing your
   code dependencies.

[pkg]: https://julialang.github.io/Pkg.jl/v1/
[registrator]: https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/Registrator.jl
[registrator-app]: https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/Registrator.jl#via-the-github-app
[registrator-web]: https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/Registrator.jl#via-the-web-interface
[registrator-readme]: https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/Registrator.jl/blob/master/README.md
[tagbot]: https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/TagBot
[naming-guidelines]: https://julialang.github.io/Pkg.jl/v1/creating-packages/#Package-naming-guidelines-1
[automerge-guidelines]: https://juliaregistries.github.io/RegistryCI.jl/stable/guidelines/
[registryci]: https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/RegistryCI.jl
[github-rename]: https://help.github.com/en/github/administering-a-repository/renaming-a-repository
[github-transfer]: https://help.github.com/en/github/administering-a-repository/transferring-a-repository

Commit message:

Mention feed channels in README (#43895)

README.md, after:

# General

| Workflow | Status |
| --------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| AutoMerge                   | [![AutoMerge status][AutoMerge-img]][AutoMerge-url]                    |
| Continuous Integration (CI) | [![Continuous Integration (CI) status][CI-img]][CI-url]                |
| TagBot Triggers             | [![TagBot Triggers status][TagBotTriggers-img]][TagBotTriggers-url]    |
| Update Manifests            | [![Update Manifests status][UpdateManifests-img]][UpdateManifests-url] |

[AutoMerge-url]: https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/General/actions/workflows/automerge.yml
[AutoMerge-img]: https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/General/actions/workflows/automerge.yml/badge.svg "AutoMerge status"
[CI-url]: https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/General/actions/workflows/ci.yml
[CI-img]: https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/General/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg "Continuous Integration (CI) status"
[TagBotTriggers-url]: https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/General/actions/workflows/TagBotTriggers.yml
[TagBotTriggers-img]: https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/General/actions/workflows/TagBotTriggers.yml/badge.svg "TagBot Triggers status"
[UpdateManifests-url]: https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/General/actions/workflows/update_manifests.yml
[UpdateManifests-img]: https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/General/actions/workflows/update_manifests.yml/badge.svg "Update Manifests status"

General is the default Julia package registry. Package registries are used by Julia's
package manager [Pkg.jl][pkg] and includes information about packages such as versions,
dependencies and compatibility constraints.

The General registry is open for everyone to use and provides access to a large ecosystem
of packages.

If you are registering a new package, please make sure that you have read the [package naming guidelines](https://julialang.github.io/Pkg.jl/dev/creating-packages/#Package-naming-guidelines-1).

Follow along new package registrations with the `#new-packages-feed` channels in the
[community Slack](https://julialang.org/slack/) or [Zulip](https://julialang.zulipchat.com/register/)!

## Registering a package in General

New packages and new versions of packages are added the General registry by pull requests
against this GitHub repository. It is ***highly recommended*** that you use
[Registrator.jl][registrator] to automate this process. Registrator can either be used as a
[GitHub App][registrator-app] or through a [web interface][registrator-web], as decribed in
the [Registrator README][registrator-readme].

When Registrator is triggered a pull request is opened against this repository. Pull
requests that meet certain guidelines is merged automatically, see
[Automatic merging of pull requests](#automatic-merging-of-pull-requests). Other pull
requests need to be manually reviewed and merged by a human.

It is ***highly recommended*** to also use [TagBot][tagbot], which automatically tags a release in your
repository after the new release of your package is merged into the registry.

Registered packages must have an [Open Source Initiative approved license](https://opensource.org/licenses),
clearly marked via a `LICENSE.md`, `LICENSE`, `COPYING` or similarly named file in the package repository.
Packages that wrap proprietary libraries are acceptable if the licenses of those libraries permit open
source distribution of the Julia wrapper code.

### Automatic merging of pull requests

Pull requests that meet certain criteria are automatically merged periodically.
Only pull requests that are opened by [Registrator][registrator] are candidates
for automatic merging.

The full list of AutoMerge guidelines is available in the
[RegistryCI documentation][automerge-guidelines].

Please report issues with automatic merging to the [RegistryCI repo][registryci].

Currently the waiting period is as follows:

 - New Julia packages: 3 days (this allows time for community feedback)
 - New versions of existing packages: 15 minutes
 - JLL package (binary dependencies): 15 minutes, for either a new package or a new version

## FAQ

#### Do I need to register a package to install it?

No, you can simply do `using Pkg; Pkg.add(url="https://github.com/JuliaLang/Example.jl")`
or `] add https://github.com/JuliaLang/Example.jl` in the Pkg REPL mode
to e.g. install the package `Example.jl`, even if it was not registered. When a package
is installed this way, the URL is saved in the Manifest.toml, so that file is needed
to resolve Pkg environments that have unregistered packages installed.

Registering allows the package to be added by `Pkg.add("Example")` or `] add Example`
in the Pkg REPL mode. This is true if the package is installed in any registry
you have installed, not just General; you can even create your own registry!

#### Should I register my package?

If your package might be useful to others, or provide functionality other
packages in General might want to rely on, go for it! We only ask that you consider
the following best practices.

* It is easier for others to use your package if it has **documentation** that explains
what the package is for and how to use it. This could be in the form of a README
or hosted documentation such as that generated by
[Documenter.jl](https://github.com/JuliaDocs/Documenter.jl).
* And in order to provide reliable functionality for your users, it is also important
to setup **tests** (see
[the Pkg.jl docs](https://pkgdocs.julialang.org/v1/creating-packages/#Adding-tests-to-the-package)
and the [Test stdlib docs](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/stdlib/Test/)), which
can be automatically run by free **continuous integration** services such as GitHub Actions.

Packages like [PkgTemplates.jl](https://github.com/invenia/PkgTemplates.jl) or
[PkgSkeleton.jl](https://github.com/tpapp/PkgSkeleton.jl) provide easy ways to setup
documentation, tests, and continuous integration.

#### My pull request was not approved for automatic merging, what do I do?

It is recommended that you fix the release to conform to the guidelines and
then retrigger Registrator on the branch/commit that includes the fix.

If you for some reason can't (or won't) adhere to the guidelines you will have
to wait for a human to review/merge the pull request. You can contact a human
in the `#pkg-registration` channel in the official Julia Slack to expedite this process.

#### My package fails to load because it needs proprietary software/additional setup to work, what can I do?

Before merging a pull request, AutoMerge will check that your package can be installed and
loaded.  It is OK for your package to not be fully functional, but making it at least load
successfully would streamline registration, as it does not require manual intervention from
the registry maintainers.  This would also let other packages depend on it, and use its
functionalities only when the proprietary software is available in the system, as done for
example by the [`CUDA.jl`](https://github.com/JuliaGPU/CUDA.jl) package.  If you are not
able or willing to make your package always loadable without the proprietary dependency
(which is the preferred solution), you can check if the environment variable
`JULIA_REGISTRYCI_AUTOMERGE` is equal to `true` and make your package loadable during
AutoMerge at least, so that it can be registered without manual intervention.  Examples of
packages with proprietary software that use the environment variable check include
[`Gurobi.jl`](https://github.com/jump-dev/Gurobi.jl) and
[`CPLEX.jl`](https://github.com/jump-dev/CPLEX.jl).

#### My pull request has a merge conflict, what do I do?

Retrigger Registrator.

#### How do I retrigger Registrator in order to update my pull request?

Do what you did when you triggered Registrator the first time.

#### Are there any requirements for package names in the General registry?

There are no hard requirements, but it is *highly recommended* to follow
the [package naming guidelines][naming-guidelines].

#### What to do when asked to reconsider/update the package name?

If someone comments on the name of your package when you first release it it is often
because it does not follow the [naming guidelines][naming-guidelines]. If you think that
your package should not follow those conventions for some reason or another, just explain
why. Otherwise, it is often a good idea to just rename the package -- it is more disruptive
to do so after it is already registered, and sticking to the conventions makes it easier
for users to navigate Julia's many varied packages.

As long as the package is not yet registered, renaming the package from
`OldName.jl` to `NewName.jl` is reasonably straightforward:

* [Rename the GitHub repository][github-rename] to `NewName.jl`
* Rename the file `src/OldName.jl` to `src/NewName.jl`
* Rename the top-level module to `NewName`
* Update tests, documentation, etc, to reference the new name
* Once you are done renaming the package, retrigger registration.
  This will make a new pull request to General. It is helpful to comment
  in the old pull request that it can be closed, linking to the new one.

#### How do I rename an existing registered package?

Technically, you can't rename a package once registered, as this would break existing users.
But you can re-register the package again under a new name with a new UUID, which basically
has the same effect.

 - Follow the instructions above for renaming a package: rename on GitHub, rename files etc.
    - if you rename the repository so it has a new URL, make a PR to edit the URL stored in the
      registry for the old package name to point to the new URL ([example](https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/General/pull/40190/files)).
      This allows the old versions of the package under the previous name to continue to work.
 - Generate a new UUID for the Project.toml
 - Increment the version in the Project.toml as a breaking change.
 - [Register](#registering-a-package-in-general) it as if it were a new package
 - Comment on the PR, that this is a rename.
 - It will have to go though the normal criteria for registring a new package.
    - In particular, even if you get it merged manually, it will need to wait 3 days from the PR being opened.
    - This gives others and yourself the chance to point out any naming issues.

You also should let your users know about the rename, e.g. by placing a note in the README,
or opening PRs/issues on downstream packages to change over.

#### How do I transfer a package to an organization or another user?

 - Use the [GitHub transfer option][github-transfer] in the settings.
 - Manually, in the General edit the repo URL in package's `Package.toml` file (e.g [E/Example/Package.toml](https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/General/blob/master/E/Example/Package.toml#L3))

Technically if you skip the second step things will keep working, because GitHub will redirect;
but it is best practice. For this reason, when you try to register a new release, the Julia
Registrator will complain if the second step is skipped.

#### Where do I report a problem with a package in the General registry?

Report it to the package repository.

#### How do I remove a package or version from the registry?

You can't. Package registrations are **permanent**. A version can not be overwritten in the
registry, and code cannot be deleted.

## Registry maintenance

The General registry is a shared resource that belongs to the entire Julia community. Therefore, we welcome comments and suggestions from everyone in the Julia community. However, all decisions regarding the General registry are ultimately up to the discretion of the registry maintainers.

## Disclaimer

The General registry is open for everyone to register packages in. The General registry is
not a curated list of Julia packages. In particular this means that:

 - packages included in the General registry are **not** reviewed/scrutinized;
 - packages included in the General registry are **not** "official" packages and **not**
   endorsed/approved by the JuliaLang organization;
 - the General registry and its maintainers are **not** responsible for the package code
   you install through the General registry -- you are responsible for reviewing your
   code dependencies.

[pkg]: https://julialang.github.io/Pkg.jl/v1/
[registrator]: https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/Registrator.jl
[registrator-app]: https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/Registrator.jl#via-the-github-app
[registrator-web]: https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/Registrator.jl#via-the-web-interface
[registrator-readme]: https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/Registrator.jl/blob/master/README.md
[tagbot]: https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/TagBot
[naming-guidelines]: https://julialang.github.io/Pkg.jl/v1/creating-packages/#Package-naming-guidelines-1
[automerge-guidelines]: https://juliaregistries.github.io/RegistryCI.jl/stable/guidelines/
[registryci]: https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/RegistryCI.jl
[github-rename]: https://help.github.com/en/github/administering-a-repository/renaming-a-repository
[github-transfer]: https://help.github.com/en/github/administering-a-repository/transferring-a-repository
